Now an interesting question is what is the prototype off this person we created here.
Well let's have a look.
I will use the Dunder produ property with Andrusco underscore produ underscore underscore to immediately
see this.
If and now it run well we see it some kind of object so it doesn't seem to be person.
So let's check if the prototype is equal to object dot prototype.
Let's see what happens if I had run we get false said.
This doesn't seem to be the case.
Is it just the object.
No it's all false.
Is it person dot prototype
that looks better.
And with three equal signs still.
So the prototype off our person is present a prototype and if you think about the constructor functions
we already had an is 5.
That's exactly the same behavior.
If we then had a constructor function named person then the person object we create using this constructor
function would have person a prototype as its prototype.
So that's exactly the same behavior.
The class Cuber just gives us more flexibility when it comes to setting up this class and not having
everything inside of this constructor function here.
It also gives us some other nice features to which I'll come next